the stock market is tumbling down and
it's not what you think in this episode
I'm going to break it down for you I'm
going to show you the charts and the
details that you need to know and why
this matters to everybody you came here
for the truth so let me unveil that for
you I want to begin right here you could
see the uncertainty that's going on it's
not just the rhetoric it's not just the
people at the water cooler in your
office we are talking about in many
cases measured in many ways is it the
fearing greed index is it coming out
here well here is just one thing the
uncertainty index around economic policy
that has come up nobody knows what's
going to happen tomorrow or is it going
to be tariffs how much we're always ke
being kept on our toes look at this in
terms of technical indicators in terms
of the moving averages these things are
all saying buy byy byy because the stock
market has come down a little bit if you
look at particular stocks like Tesla it
has been smashed over the last while and
some are starting to get in should that
be you should you be going all hands in
let's see longer term inflation
expectations this is a big measurement
why because if they have to uh increase
interest rates at some point in the
future that is bearish for stocks that
is bearish for risk assets and if you
see what Powell said just recently
everything over the last two years has
been going well in our direction that
we've been trying to get it down to that
2 % goal we're just not there yet that's
what Powell's saying the market is
expecting uh some inflation as we can
see in the bond market that's what they
are saying look if you take the amount
of people that are shorting the amount
of people that buy let's say bets on
that the Market's going to come down
whenever that comes up starts to rise
and starts to rise and starts to rise
that's usually the time when stocks are
coming and down okay think of this like
an insurance it's a protection but
people don't buy that at the bottom like
when things are I should say at the at
the top they they buy it when it's too
late essentially and the exact same
pattern is happening now now it doesn't
mean that we can't have some sort of
bottom falling out and this continues to
go lower and lower but I have been
massively massively accurate in the past
pin point in the bottom of the stock
market in October um of 2022 I guess it
was and you have to look at positioning
like this it's important seasonality is
something else where typically in March
we do get this volatility all of these
things are conflated and Confused in a
lot of people where they're like no this
is because of you know this or that it's
because this guy scratched his face it's
because that guy picked his nose look
it's not how it works it's really not
how it works Tesla retail fans buy the
stock at a pace never seen before so the
retail investor is going all in they
probably made some money in 2019 into
2020 because their favorite YouTuber
told them to buy in maybe they missed
that initial runup in 2019 to 2020 what
was it that made the stock go up in 2019
to 2020 was it because the stock uh the
company had been selling a lot of cars
that wasn't the reason it was all based
on this idea that we're going to have
these Robo taxis million Robo taxis on
the street we heard that um coming from
the man himself but also from Kathy Wood
she was getting popularity around that
time and that was reverberating
throughout um you know the social media
but also into the traditional mainstream
Financial media and it never happened
right but now what are they talking
about they're talking about the Cyber
cab they're talk or cyber taxi or
whatever it's called and they're talking
about the robots the robots it should be
based on fund mentals and how many cars
they're selling they sell a lot of cars
okay at one point the model y was like
the most um bestselling car globally or
something like this like that's what it
should be based on but of course it's
all nonsense you got to understand read
between the lines read between the lines
when things get crazy when you look at
the technical analysis it comes the
other way I break that down fully uh for
the finance Friday crew so shout outs to
the finance Friday crew um where we get
into it like two two and a half hours uh
in depth we look at the technical
analysis we look at what's happening
politically we look at everything Bank
of Canada lowers key interest rate as us
tariffs hit say it will remain cautious
about future Cuts they have cut many
times in a row because Canada is in big
trouble big trouble these other
countries are getting slaughtered look
that's all the technicals that's all the
things but what but what's important to
you right is is like what kind of bills
you got to pay what are we dealing with
as individuals vanl Lords charging up to
$1,300 rent to the homeless could soon
be curbed vanl Lords never heard of that
term before but here we are is your
money gone before it arrives the sad
reality of American
paychecks all of this being you know
just a
continuing uh trend of the know
depreciating existence you know in which
we have where you know an average salary
cannot buy you the average life right
well in other news Florida explores
ditching property tax as home prices
soore they you know they're talking
about reducing it or even getting rid of
it altogether we don't know if that's
going to happen but even the suggestion
the idea of that to me is amazing
because I'm obviously not in favor of
any tax tax but property tax being one
of those that hits people really hard
why fixed incomes if you're on a fixed
income and they're saying y your the
price of your home is worth more and
more and more and you're like yeah well
not doing me any good and so those
prices can continue to go up so I would
love to see if any tax I'm in favor of
getting rid of them all if any tax put
it on the consumption side okay tax if
you want to tax rich people tax
consumption tax consumption okay because
the rich people spend a lot of money
big moves that are happening right here
if you look at what's going on with
Warren Buffett did you hear well he made
a big move and that happens to coincide
with what's happening in the bond market
and what's happening with gold and I
will talk about that here extensively
you got to understand what Warren
Buffett does is not always the best
right he's made some mistakes there's no
question about that but when he does
something it certainly
is worth noting and we'll look at that
here you could see gold pops above 3,000
for the first time in historic Safe
Haven rally this has been
continuing to go up and up and up I mean
it did take a while what seemed like
1,800 for like the longest time
eventually has made its way to 3,000
it's performed quite well silver has
underperformed and it's been doing that
for a very long time it feels like it's
never coming up but in the case of gold
it has certainly been there and for many
reasons it is that true Safe Haven but
it's not just the paper because when
we're talking about 3,000 an ounce
that's paper gold one of the things that
you have to understand is we are taking
we are seeing the taking of physical
possession physical precious medals from
the exchanges normally they just roll
that stuff over nobody takes physical
possession suddenly there's a massive
surge of individuals companies whatever
they want to take that physical
possession that is unusual there's money
being moved around okay so that's worth
noting as well as compass in talkx to BU
Warren Buffett's real estate brokerage
unit Warren Buffett doesn't want to do
this business anymore I don't know
what's going on internally in the
business but you may have seen birkshire
hathway signs around if you haven't
dealt with them personally and you know
it's something that you would think it's
fairly simple and cheap business to run
and you can make a lot of money long
term because it's those those
commissions it's kind of like the
company makes dividends going forward
and
instead they want to you know looks like
you know they want that cash maybe put
it more into more cash the guy's got
three 00 billion plus in cash sitting in
you know what is effectively cash
equivalence the
cash this is the type of thing that you
see when there's big concerns now he's
not the only one doing this and he's not
the be all end all but what is gold
saying what is Warren Buffett saying
which is of course third one the bond
market saying that there's something
happening underneath all this
everybody's getting uneasy I'm happy to
report that the stock market came down
that's a good thing that's healthy when
it was going straight up everyone was
like yeah of course it's going straight
up ai ai baby that's what's going to
happen and then it came it started
coming down and we're like oh my God why
is everyone overreacting no no the rise
was the problem it should have never
have gone up parabolically like that so
this is a healthy process and hopefully
never works out this way but hope
hopefully it sort of flatlines for a
while regroups builds a stronger
foundation and then we can move on
usually it's exaggerated up and down up
and down and we will see what happens
this is abnormal this is the market
analysis coming from every single angle
in one video try to keep it at 10
minutes we go into these things for two
two and a half hours on the finance
Friday I hope that you'll be one of
those people that we can see on the
finance Friday if you know time zone
issues for some people uh we actually
have the the recordings you can watch
the recordings later but I love it when
people join live um we're basically just
small group of friends and we get
together and I prepare a presentation
and then we have question and answer and
we really look at assets at a different
level there's nothing really like it as
far as I'm aware um and you just get
informed you know you become the the
most
you know informed person in your Social
Circle there's no question about that
cuz I have so much to
share and uh we can get into it in depth
and people are in the group just ask
incredible questions it's it's amazing
and they give fantastic information too
so um if you want to join Link in the
description and don't forget to hit that
thumbs up button when you do you're
supporting the Channel I want to thank
each and every one of you all the
viewers all the people who give the
thumbs up everybody who donates
financially and for everything I just
really appreciate um everything over
this last so many years I've been doing
this since
2011 and um you know things have changed
I do my other businesses I have uh
multiple businesses and you know that's
where I spend most of my time but uh
this is something that I I really
appreciate because I have so many good
people that I've been able to talk to
over the years and I want to thank you
for being here and I'll see you on the
next one take care